{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DartSight represents a new way of playing darts that begins with the physical device. \
\
\
The DartSight methodology is the product of cutting-edge research in muscle memory and neuroscience. Using DartSight amplifies the benefits of training, allowing you to throw less and improve more. BrainWorks for Darts harnesses the natural processes of the brain to produce consistent performance.\
\
\
Training with DartSight 	\
\
When you use DartSight, you start every throw with the dart in the same location relative to the target.\
\
DartSight \
\
	Start every throw with the dart in the same location relative to your target.\
	Keep the dart on line with your target throughout your throwing motion.\
	Build a reproducible rhythm.\
	Hit your spots consistently.\
	\
\
BrainWorks for Darts \
\
Modern athletes at the top of their sports rely heavily on science. Top competitors are gaining advantages by taking the guesswork out of their craft. Now darts has caught up.\
\
BrainWorks for Darts applies advanced research on two innate brain processes to the art of darts.\
\
	Blinking Darts: Blinking is the mind's way of punctuating thought. The human brain uses the blink to clear itself in preparation for a new task. \
\
	Saccadic Darts: Saccades are quick, simultaneous movements of both eyes in the same direction used to quickly scan a scene. The brain achieves its highest level of focus immediately after these movements, which typically cover an angle of 2-4 degrees.\
\
Used in combination, blinking and saccades allow you to throw your best darts. To hit a number in the triple ring, focus on the bullseye, blink, shift to your target, and throw. Combining the proper technique that DartSight teaches with the Blink-Shift-Throw rhythm is the fastest and most effective way to internalize a solid, repeatable, and accurate motion.\
\
}